Tell me, everyone , I'm good. I'm starting there.
make videos now for youtube is
starting now I'm starting to do
a video has already made a video of the bug
ballistic that is not killing and now
also has a bug in the pump that I
still intend to do pump is not
appearing when the guy plays you do not
seems to indicate the pump from where
it came from the nectar and Ovid you will
to see now the world that is very
It's even in the pv that I'm
room are getting invisible face never
I saw the cairo, the guys will see me
I'll kill them and they 'll see me I
room of santi mansion batimat and even
he saw that he was from the other team and
when I came in I was playing mode
he did not see me I killed him not me
said that it was visible
Then the guy was killed when he told me
I gave killed respawn today I was already
visible but before dying full
invisible and I went into a room now
in this new map haunting haunted
and total playing with my colleague and I
was visible again as I have not yet
had died
the guys did not see me I was totally
invisible kills they did not see me at all
have time that the rooster is the baby show only
the arms of the car and the gun but I was
completely invisible I could not see anything
entered the base of them walked and nothing is
did not see me
so I decided to stop and record a video
so I can show you what's
happening
So, come on, you 'll see the video there.
I think I'm invisible cade in note
that football Giberto cars not to
take ear plugs
He has not said anything until now.
I'll put the face here she's visible is
the guy did not come to me to talk to her
cars are not seeing me going to date the
man will not see me in the Roman human
I live here and I will stop killing and I will not
will give samba there disclosed when staying in
living room
focusing on the room that I will not stay
walking he does not see me
Dude, I did not see me last year in
in front of him look at this
Look, he does not look at summer too, I will not kill.
the guys, I 'm not going to kill any more, there's a
off here goes to hand tabu cattle
the bulgaria has visible goes there or missing
in the middle of cars
I will post this video on the channel predicts
Bugmann rate the pump that did not appear
the dolls do not appear for dances that do not
kill the guy keep going offline I'm not going
kill nobody else but she wants cold
there
Then man looks at the guy behind him so the
guys do not see me in the old're just cable